CMC Text (#7)
hannestschofenig/lamps-attestation-freshness: draft-ietf-lamps-attestation-freshness.md

-- RFC Editor: The value for id-mod-pkix-attest-01 must be set as soon
-- as it is assigned by I-D.ietf-lamps-csr-attestation

> id-cmc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMC-CONTROL
```

    -- indicates which Verifier to request a nonce from
 }

> id-cmc-nonceReq OBJECT IDENTIFIER ::= { id-it TBD1 }
> 
> CmcNonceRequest ::= NonceRequest 
> 
> id-cmc-nonceResp OBJECT IDENTIFIER ::= { id-it TBD2 }
> 
> CmcNonceResponse ::= NonceResponse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id-cmc-nonceReq ::= { id-it TBD1 }

cmc-nonceReq CMC-CONTROL ::=
      { NonceRequest IDENTIFIED BY id-cmc-nonceReq }

id-cmc-nonceResp ::= { id-it TBD2 }

cmc-nonceResp CMC-CONTROL ::=
      { NonceResponse IDENTIFIED BY id-cmc-nonceResp }

```
